Show me all won games of Carlsen against Anand.
Which player with an ELO above 2700 has won the most in 2016?
Have Kramnik played the opening King’s Indian?
Give me 10 blitz games of Nakamura.
Show me positions that are similar to FEN "8/4bk2/8/2R5/1K6/8/8/8 w - -"?
Show me endgames with rook against rook and pawn.
In which tournaments did Naiditsch and Carlsen play against each other?
All losing games of Giri from Wijk aan Zee.
Give me 5 games with an underpromotion.
Show me all games of the world championship 1886.
What is the longest game?
10 games with a fivefold exchange?
What is the first game of Kasparov?
Show me 10 games of white in the Queen’s Indian.
Which opening has Fischer played most frequently?
In which game did Caruana have his highest rating?
Show me all the games of the tournament with the highest average rating.
Give me the games in which Topalov lost against a much weaker player.
What openings were played at the Grenke Chess Classic 2017?
How many times has Giri played draw?
Which game was played exactly 10 years ago?
What does Anand play against the Sicilian Defense?
Who was the 8th world champion?
What was the last game of Euwe?
Show me any games with 2 or more En Passants?
How often is King’s Indian played?
Which games have a similar pawn structure as Ivanchuk against Shirov on move 13 in 1996 in Hoogovens?
Show me all games with a stalemate.
All games with a move number exceeding 100.
Show me any games with three pawns on the 7th rank?
Show me mate positions with knight and bishop.
Show me all games with the Epaulette Mate.
Has Carlsen ever played a fianchetto?
Are there games with f4 d5 g3?
In which game was Karjakin’s position the worst?
10 examples of half open games.
What was the first game with a Ruy Lopez?
What is the Lucena position?
All games of GMs against computers.
What was Fischer’s longest winning streak?
Two games with doubling rooks on the 7th rank from June 2015.
Examples of games with bishop against knight.
Show me 10 games with a long castling.
In which game was the latest castling?
All games of Carlsen between 2014 and 2016.
What is the Immortal game?
In which game did the latest exchange take place?
All games in which a FM has defeated a GM.
What is played against Giuoco Piano?
In which variation in the Sicilian Defense does black win the most?
What is the main variation in the Ruy Lopez?
Wins of white in B33 and an average ELO of over 2700.
